you
what's your level of frustration good
news
that's first-rate keyboarding anything
these roses season so just came around
could you sit was not necessary hand but
I mean was our good team song like then
the mega Ron was expected the first half
I mean we played good they played they
didn't play as well as they usually do
so just to come out and expect them they
just lay down this there's not the team
to face at night no I did exactly what I
thought they would do we just got to do
a better job when they do make them stop
building and make a run of my own once
again we did a terrible job of that and
results in half do you think guys gonna
have oh here we go again the team start
making that push when you guys
basketball is a game around so
fifteen Doug Marrone you have to find a
way to stop it and then make our own
that'll do the right thing for maybe a
few quarters two and a half whatever I
play here more here just there's always
this anything oh you know we want to
beat one another got incredible
performance I cannot look at total my
own sound like you see you've tried to
knock me back in the day
Yuuka then what is true when a a lot of
these teams again this coming week they
you've been looking forward to the
chance maybe seeing you and Lana these
guys and sooner maybe correct someone
follow you we get a chance to go home
kind of correct some mistakes
I was ding girl you know a lot of
practice time on his road trip over they
have a lifetime you know neither but you
know at least would have the crowd
behind us and I think it would be a
better show before the game I was asking
John about the current Kentucky team if
I can defeated and what would that mean
if they were they'd be ranked among the
all-time best he said they would be
buzzing the same time you fly your team
I mean yeah may be considered the best
but we are not at you but hopefully
these guys they changed
thank you